Removed data/damage values from ItemStackBuilder. (#61)
zDevelopers/QuartzLib: CHANGELOG.md

#### `ItemStackBuilder`

- :warning: We removed the `ItemStackBuilder.dye(DyeColor)` and `ItemStackBuilder.head(String)` methods.
  The first one can be replaced by the right material, as in 1.13+ each dyed version has its own material.
  For the second one, use the new `ItemStackBuilder.withMeta()` method.
- :warning: We removed the `ItemStackBuilder.data(short)` method, and all abilities to process Data Values
  since they are now removed from Minecraft and strongly deprecated from Bukkit.
  Damage for tools are now properly handled by bukkit using the [`Damageable`](https://hub.spigotmc.org/javadocs/spigot/org/bukkit/inventory/meta/Damageable.html)

>   `ItemMeta` API and can be used in `ItemStackBuilder` with the new [`withMeta()`](https://zdevelopers.github.io/QuartzLib/fr/zcraft/quartzlib/tools/items/ItemStackBuilder.html#withMeta-java.util.function.Consumer-)

Reviewer: Mauvais lien (il me semble qu'il y a potentiellement d'autres endroits où on devrait le mettre à jour, d'ailleurs).

```suggestion
  `ItemMeta` API and can be used in `ItemStackBuilder` with the new [`withMeta()`](https://dev.zcraft.fr/docs/quartzlib/fr/zcraft/quartzlib/tools/items/ItemStackBuilder.html#withMeta-java.util.function.Consumer-)
```

  API.

#### `ItemUtils`

- :warning: We removed the following methods from `ItemUtils`, as they are now directly present in all supported Bukkit versions.

>   You can also use their equivalent in `ItemStackBuilder` instead.

Reviewer: Merci pour la précision !

Author: :+1:
